feat: make Docker image configurable (#196)
radix-ai/poetry-cookiecutter: README.md

| `author_email`                    <br> "john@example.com"                           | The email address of the primary author of the package.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `python_version`                  <br> "3.8"                                        | The minimum Python version that the package requires.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `docker_image`                  <br> "python:$PYTHON_VERSION-slim"                                        | The docker image we want to use a base image. If no cuda support is needed, use python:$PYTHON_VERSION-slim. If cuda support is needed, choose radixai/python-gpu:$PYTHON_VERSION-cuda11.8 or radixai/python-gpu:$PYTHON_VERSION-cuda12.2. IMPORTANT: We support CUDA Toolkit 11.8 and 12.2 with python versions 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11 and 2.12.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Table formatting and description suggestion:
```suggestion
| `docker_image`                    <br> "python:$PYTHON_VERSION-slim"                | The base Docker image to use for the Dev Container and application. The $PYTHON_VERSION build argument is equal to the `python_version` value by default, but may be overridden when building the image to test different Python versions. If CUDA support is required, you may use radixai/python-gpu:$PYTHON_VERSION-cuda11.8 or radixai/python-gpu:$PYTHON_VERSION-cuda12.2.                   |
```
